[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome back to
"Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And we are here
with Emery Smith.
Emery, thanks for being here.
>>EMERY SMITH: Oh, thanks
for having me again, Dave.
Appreciate it.
>>DAVID: So in our
previous episode,
we started to talk about
these genetic programs that
have been done,
including this idea
of synthetic cells,
synthetic biology.
And you mentioned
something that I think--
it seems to come
very easily to you.
But it was probably
difficult for a lot of people
to really grasp,
this idea that--
it sounds like from
what you're saying
a very large number of
clones could be manufactured
by various processes.
What is the fascination with
making all these clones?
Why are they so involved in
manufacturing life forms?
>>SMITH: Well, I think
they have their own agenda.
And each organization
has its own agenda.
I mean, there is, of course,
one operating everything.
But you have to understand
it trickles down
to many different types
of facilities and agendas
and organizations.
And you know, who knows
where it goes from there?
But you know, I can have--
I believe in my opinion
that they're doing
this to maybe form a fake--
or stage a fake invasion maybe,
or use these beings as part of,
you know--
to serve in a war of some
sort, or to even possible use
for abduction purposes.
>>DAVID: Abduction
is something that
began with Betty and Barney
Hill in the early 1960s.
And from that point forward,
we have these alleged grays
that are apparently doing this.
So I'm curious as to why do
you think really there were not
reports of gray abductions
before Betty and Barney Hill?
And what might that
be that we're seeing?
>>SMITH: This is the most
controversial question
I get all the time.
And I have the
great answer for it.
And you know, these
people did get abducted.
OK.
It really did happen.
And that's why they can pass
a lot of the truth test.
And we've interviewed
a lot of these people.
And it's real.
I mean, they really had this
experience in their mind,
you know, or physically.
But what I'm getting at
is it wasn't real as far
as the beings and the
stagecraft and the things that
were going on.
Because there's many of these
stagecraft and these programs
running the entire
planet because they
all want them to
coincide together.
So when we interview an
abductee from New Hampshire,
they have the same exact story
as the abductee from Namibia
and the abductee from Japan.
'Cause they make
them very similar.
And then they'll do
many different types
of episodes of what
they want that person
to see and remember, and how
to make them traumatized.
And they can do that in
many ways by, number one,
using fake stagecraft, using
clone programmed life forms,
knocking them out
first, and then
having them wake up in a
room with staged surgeons
their prodding and
poking at them,
using special types of gas.
>>DAVID: Wait a minute.
Are you saying that
the UFOs are fake?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: Well, they're-- right.
>>DAVID: But is there a craft?
Are you saying that
there are craft?
>>SMITH: There are craft.
Yeah, they're real craft
that we reverse engineered.
But there are craft.
They are not the
extraterrestrial craft.
>>DAVID: It's not
just like a hologram.
There is a craft.
>>SMITH: Right, they can
use holograms too though.
That has been used in
staged moments, absolutely.
And they'll show the hologram,
and then maybe let off
a gas in the area.
And the people
maybe crash the car.
Next thing you know, they
wake up in some facility.
But it's blurry.
They're always groggy
for some reason.
You know, something happens.
Or they'll come to
the house and do it.
You know, they'll pick
a specific person.
>>DAVID: Before
we go any further,
I just want to ask you
this question, which
I do know the answer to.
But I want to get you
to say it on camera.
Have you been watching
"Cosmic Disclosure"?
Are you familiar with
all the ins and outs
of what Corey has said?
>>SMITH: No.
I don't watch it.
Sorry.
>>DAVID: And the reason
for that is what?
>>SMITH: I don't
like to be influenced
by any type of outside source
of any type of outside source
of information coming from
another person in case
one day I might have
to come forward.
And it's interesting sometimes
when you tell me, hey, Emery, I
actually had an
insider that told
me almost the exact same thing.
Because I know I'm
not the only one.
There's hundreds of
thousands of Emerys
out there that are just
petrified to come forward.
And I'm hoping that
this series will
bring a lot more people forward
to feel a little bit safer.
Because it does protect
you, I can assure you.
>>DAVID: Why do you think
that these abductions are
being done?
We're kind of going around it.
But I don't feel like
we've quite hit it.
This is something that would
take incredible resources.
We're talking about craft.
We're talking about
beings being cloned.
You're saying that it could
be in America, Namibia, Japan.
What is the point of all this?
>>SMITH: To install
fear in the world.
You know, fear needs to be
installed to control and order.
You know, to have control
in order of a civilization.
So what better way to do that,
to have these people on TV
saying that this
happened-- and I'm
very compassionate about them.
Because it really did happen.
But it didn't happen
the way they think.
That's because
Hollywood has basically
released an evil alien
movie every month.
And it goes from here to
the Philippines in a year.
And everyone in the
world is now petrified
of this giant
creature coming at me.
>>DAVID: Do you
remember last night
when we were
talking to that guy,
and you had told him about
the little Atacama being?
And remember the
first question that he
asked us was, am I
supposed to be afraid?
>>SMITH: Right.
>>DAVID: Why do you
think that was the very--
and he kept asking
it in different ways.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Like, am I supposed
to be scared about this?
>>SMITH: Well, we
shot them down.
Are they going to come back
with their guns and kill us?
You know?
You know, and it's like
they know the risk.
You know, the Earth is
what I call the Disney
World of the universe.
And it's a very dynamic,
beautiful place.
You would laugh.
You know, let's go see a bunch
of hairless monkeys, right?
But what I'm getting at is
it's so diverse community
of so many living
biological species
that they used to come
from all over just
to kind of like hang out,
look around, and not do
anything malicious or anything.
And this is in and out of
all the other negative stuff
that has happened
millions of years
ago with the different
civilizations, by the way.
I'm not getting into that.
I'm just saying, in this time
of age, really the last 1,000
years, it was a
really beautiful place
to come and show your kids.
And this comes down to now after
Roswell and a little bit before
that with the Germans, when they
realized there were these other
entities, some formed
alliances, some didn't.
And next thing you know
is gas, coal and oil
got involved and didn't want any
of this type of stuff going on,
or the government.
Because if you prove how
extraterrestrials get here,
they weren't using
gas, coal, and oil.
But getting back to your
question, why did he say this?
It's like, they're
going to come back
because we just
killed his family,
or we shot down a craft.
And I was like, well,
you know, they're
a little bit more conscious than
we are by a few million years.
And they were once us.
And they're watching us grow out
of this barbaric medieval way
of cutting each
other's heads off.
And that's why we haven't
been back to the moon,
or you know, ventured into
space with the normal NASA space
program, that is.
And that's this whole
stunted thing is
until we learn how to
behave with each other
and love each other
and accept each other
and not have this
association of you're
my enemy because you don't
believe what I believe in,
or you're a different
color of race or gender,
it's ridiculous.
It doesn't exist in the
higher consciousness
of extraterrestrials
beyond this universe.
So they're giving us
time to behave and time
to work it out on our own.
And they want to
see this happen.
And they're really
interested in that.
So that's kind of what I
believe they're there for.
>>DAVID: I had
Whitley Strieber, who
was the famous guy who
wrote the book "Communion,"
kind of broke the
alien abduction
story in a big way in the 1980s.
I had with Whitley Strieber
on my panel at Conscious Life
Expo in February 2017.
And one of the things that
I thought was fascinating
was that he reported having
more memories of his abduction,
and that he wasn't
just seeing grays.
He was also seeing
regular humans
in black military uniforms.
who were there at the same time.
What do you think is
going on with that?
>>SMITH: What has
happened is, yeah,
he was probably moved to an
installation or something.
Or maybe the Black Ops
team for that division,
when he came to a little
bit, his memory caught
a glimpse of it.
I mean, we give
medication every day.
Every day, we'll do
thousands and millions
of surgeries around the world.
We always give
patients Versed right
before they go so in
case we do mess up,
or they don't hear
us telling jokes
while we're operating on their
heart, they won't remember it.
And it's very successful.
But they do sometimes
have a total recall.
And that's bad.
That has happened.
You can Google that where
people are actually awake
during the whole procedure
and remember everything.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Or they'll hear
everything and remember it.
And they can't move 'cause
the anesthesiologist
has paralyzed them.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah, very
scary situation.
So that's what happened.
He is getting a
little bit of a recall
back because the drugs didn't
work on him, or the gas.
>>DAVID: So this
abduction program
would be to instill
fear on a mass scale.
>>SMITH: Correct.
>>DAVID: So there was a sense
when Whitley was saying this
that he might have been
abducted by the military.
Do you think that there
are real grays doing
real abductions that are
actual extraterrestrials?
Or do you think that this is
just a vast weird government
program of some kind?
>>SMITH: I believe
it's a program.
I believe there have been--
there may have been,
not to my knowledge--
there may have been like real
abductions a very, very, very
long time ago because of
certain countries that
were making some weird,
bad mistakes of exchange
of information maybe for DNA.
But it's hard for me
to believe that now,
after what I've been
exposed to, knowing
what they can do anyway--
like I said, they
don't need anything.
But there's a lot more to
that story with other beings
and other things.
So I believe it's a
complete form of military
or some sort of
faction organization
that works beyond the
military that's doing this.
>>DAVID: Now I remember at
least three or four times
seeing Dr. Steven
Greer speak on stage.
And you were standing there
on stage in full tactical gear
as his security guard.
And in some of those talks,
he mentioned a UN Secretary
General being abducted.
And that is the highest
level of politics on Earth.
So what could be going on?
Why would this production
go all the way up
to the elected heads
of state in the highest
offices in the world?
>>SMITH: They wanted
to install fear
into the other people that
were in these higher positions
by doing it to this one.
>>DAVID: So you can confirm--
or can you confirm
that that actually
did happen, that that
abduction happened?
>>SMITH: That's
secondhand information
from two very higher ups
in DC, and also, of course,
working with Dr. Greer
and the Disclosure Project
and seeing a lot of
the official documents
that he had shared with me, yes.
He is correct.
>>DAVID: So are there
hypnotic suggestions
being planted in people's minds
as well when this takes place?
Are they getting
post-hypnotic suggestion,
things that will be cued
by events that took place--
>>SMITH: There are no hypnotic
or mind control things going on
unless you watch TV or have an
iPhone or listen to the radio.
So good luck with that one.
>>DAVID: So in your
estimation, there
could be subliminals
that are being put out.
>>SMITH: 100% that's
definitely happening.
>>DAVID: Do you have
secondhand knowledge of that?
Or do you actually
see briefings on it?
>>SMITH: No, I've seen--
I was part of a project
one time in Los Alamos--
well, it wasn't
owned by Los Alamos.
But it was associated
with a corporation there--
that dealt with frequency
control, mind control
and cellular frequency
control to make you angry
or to make you sad or to, you
know, manipulate you in a way
that this would happen.
>>DAVID: Getting back
to Betty and Barney
Hill, as we've drilled into this
more over the years in ufology,
it has emerged that he
actually was testifying
early along that he thought
this was a military abduction.
And he had very
specific details.
And then, as time
went on, more and more
of the so-called alien
component came in.
His initial impression was that
it was not extraterrestrial.
>>SMITH: I wonder why.
You know, it's very realistic.
You know, they have these
alien reproduction vehicles.
You know, we have conquered
anti-gravity for the elites.
So it wouldn't be
hard for me to fly
one of these devices
over your house
and jump out in a very
expensive Hollywood alien suit
and try to convince
you to do what I say.
And especially when I have
these frequency devices
that I'm beaming at you that
basically paralyze you or stun
you for a certain time while
I object you to put you out.
>>DAVID: There was a
particular insider disclosure
about the Illuminati
that I read.
Very, very disturbing book
called "Paperclip Dolls."
And this particular
female witness
went through a lot of
the most savage stuff
that you hear about
in ritual abuse cases.
But she also reported having
to wear an alien suit,
having to dress up in this
kind of silvery alien suit
with a head that
looked like a gray,
and actually abuse
people in that capacity.
>>SMITH: Wow.
>>DAVID: And that's in the book.
So are there cases
where people--
where you could confirm that
maybe in older programs?
>>SMITH: I can confirm
there's hundreds of thousands
of people that go missing
just in the United States
alone every year.
But you don't hear about it
except for a couple of websites
because they're the
derelicts and the drug users
or the homeless or the runaways.
And I do believe that these
people are being collected
and tested and also
seeing the response
and measuring the
chemicals of the person
while they're actually
being attacked
by someone dressed in a
suit or something like that.
Because for some
reason, they're trying
to figure out what
kind of chemicals
are released with
this type of fear.
>>DAVID: Could you tell us
a little more about some
of the stagecraft that you said
is happening in these abduction
cases?
Like what are we
actually looking at?
>>SMITH: Right.
They don't always have
to use a real craft.
But it always helps.
And when I'm getting at is
these ARVs, we call them,
alien reproduction
vehicles do exist.
And I have seen them firsthand.
And they're not as
well-created of course
as the original
extraterrestrial crafts
that they try to
reverse engineer them.
But they do what
they're supposed to do.
And that is hover
and look scary.
And that's all you need to see.
And then it could be done,
and the next thing you know,
you're kind of knocked out.
But you remember that
before the drugs.
So they want you have a
visual of a little guy running
across the street in
front of your car first,
or maybe this thing
that just landed
in the middle of the interstate.
Because you'll remember that.
And that's all
you're going to talk
about the rest of your
life is the most amazing,
horrific, scary thing.
Because then you woke up in
another temporary tent set up
in the woods right
off the street.
And they're making it look
like an operating room.
Someone caught a glimpse
of some guy carrying
an M16 and a tactical
vest they remember.
So it's a very
classical typical thing
that happens all the time.
>>DAVID: It would appear that if
we are dealing with a globalist
organization that's doing
all this behind the scenes
that they have a
lot of limitations,
that there is some sort
of benevolent force
that is stopping
them from doing more.
Because these abductions are
not really that bad, right?
People are getting returned.
They don't remember very much.
They're not--
>>SMITH: They need
them to return.
They have to be
healthy because they
won't be able to tell the
story the rest of their life.
But yes.
>>DAVID: But there is some
aspect of opposition to this.
It's not like it's just evil.
>>SMITH: As you notice,
these abductions
have been going downhill, not
uphill, since the '60s, '50s.
And that is because of this
alliance that has been formed.
You know, a high
percentage now knows
that we don't need to do this.
We don't need to go this route.
And you know, this other
part of it, you know,
whatever you call
them the white hats,
or however you guys--
there's many different terms
you guys use.
But you know, we're now at the
level of 90% good, 10% bad.
And that's going to
come pretty quick here.
It's going to be exposed.
And the truth will come out
about all of these programs.
And you know, the politicians
are leaning more towards that
because they're not taking care
of their families properly.
And they're not
protecting their families.
Instead, they're extorting them
by drugging them and making
them have sex with an
underage person on film.
And now you have
to do everything
I say for the rest of your--
and you know this
stuff, how it goes.
>>DAVID: How do
you think, or how
does the alliance think based
on briefings you've had,
what will happen once they've
really crossed the line
and it's actually disclosed
instead of just people
wondering maybe it's true?
>>SMITH: The polls show that
mostly everyone does believe
in this, like a high percentage,
78% believe there is existence
beyond this planet.
Right and the problem is how
many believe they're evil
and how many believe--
there are good and
bad, absolutely.
But how many people
believe what?
How many people believe
that the good is trying
to protect us more than evil?
And how can we show
that and prove that
without having people come
forward and talk about it
and release this information?
>>DAVID: I want to bring
this up too, Emery.
One of the things
that we talked about
and we laughed last night,
but it's kind of true,
is that let's just say a
significant number of Americans
have never forgiven Vietnam.
And on some level, they're
still fighting the Vietnam War.
They're still
listening to the music.
They still worship
the musicians who
became famous during that time.
They act like nothing else
has happened that's really
of value since then in music.
And we have this kind of horror
of the military in America.
And I think that's very sad
because like we talked about,
if there was a red dawn
scenario, if we actually
had a land invasion, we
lose a couple of states
to a foreign invading power.
At that point,
what would happen?
Everybody wants the
military back again.
>>SMITH: Well, your attitude
changes pretty quickly when
you start to lose your freedom.
And even though people are
angry from past wars and things
like this, when you come
back home, it's difficult.
And when you have these
old programs in you
from those times
with these soldiers--
and I can speak because
I am a soldier--
you form this against mode.
Like that's all.
That's it.
Everything else is
going to be bad.
And I lost my faith in the
government, and da-da-da-da.
But it does change
quickly when there
is a threat in your backyard.
OK, my neighbor's playing
the music really loud.
What am I going to do?
But now I just jump the fence
with a 12-gauge shotgun.
And he's kind of coming up to
the porch, that's not normal.
So you know, you want to
help protect your home.
And you want to have that fence.
And that fence
needs to be there,
and maybe a little bit higher.
So people have a change of
heart if something like that
would happen.
Because people have families,
and people don't want war.
People are not born to have war.
If you asked the majority of the
world without the warmongers,
you know, do you
want to go fight?
If a human had a chance
to fight or not fight,
the polls show they
would not want to fight.
All of them.
So who is controlling
all these soldiers?
So that's kind of where
it's at right now is just
a bunch of puppets.
And that's going to be exposed.
>>DAVID: I think a
lot of people feel
as if the wars
that we have fought
are wars for empire and
domination to control oil,
to control poppy
fields in Afghanistan.
That it's all about
money and profit.
And there are so
few people who are
directly aware of the alliance
who have ever spoken out
at this time.
What could you tell the
people who might still
be locked in this belief system
that the military is just
out there doing the whims
of globalist bankers?
And then they would ask,
well, if there is an alliance,
why haven't we heard from them?
>>SMITH: Well, I can
assure you that that man
on the front line
and his commander
and even that
general most likely
has no clue about
what's really going on.
But I'm so gung ho
about my country,
I'm going to do
whatever it takes.
And I'm going to
protect it, and I'm
gonna protect my mom and dad
and my sister and so forth.
So I'm going to do that
because I'm 18 years old.
And I believe in this.
I believe in this.
So they made you believe
in this with all of the--
however it happened.
So now that this is coming
out, the nonbelievers are
going to say, well, where
are these superheroes?
You know?
And you cannot fight a war--
the war is not fought
hand-to-hand combat.
It's fought way behind
the scenes first
to control who's controlling
the generals and the commanders.
So you have to
change that first.
And that's what people
don't understand.
It's a very delicate
and very difficult
situation that's going
on, this little secret war
behind the scenes.
But that's what
changes the paradigm.
That's what's going to
make everything tilt.
>>DAVID: It seems as if
there's an astonishing lack
of truthfulness in
mainstream media.
And that's become--
I mean, even the polls are now
showing distrust in the media
is actually worse than
distrust in Congress.
It's lower than
12% in some cases.
So do you feel that the media is
in cahoots with this globalist
crime syndicate in some way?
>>SMITH: No, I know they are.
I mean, the media
controls the world.
>>DAVID: So with that
kind of power in place,
would that pose a
problem for the alliance
if they were to
try to let us know
what they were doing right now?
With that much media control
still in that apparatus
still in place?
>>SMITH: No, because
that will be fixed.
That will be taken out.
The leaders that
control the media
are going to have a big
eye-opening problem soon.
And the alliance
is working on that
through the inside actually,
rather than from the outside.
So it's going to
come from within.
And it's actually going to
have to do with also civilians,
which is nice to
know that people
are going to stand up too
and find out that, hey, this
isn't right.
We've been lied to.
And it'll be brought
to an attention
in a way called live streaming.
And no matter if it's only
on there for five seconds,
I can guarantee you
someone recorded it.
And it'll go.
So they would have to shut
down all the main servers
in those tanker ships off
the coast of California
and everywhere else in the
world for that not to go viral.
And it won't be just one
person, it'll be many.
It will be hundreds of people.
So that will help.
You know, you have unheard
superheroes on the ground.
You have unheard
superheroes way above.
And they're all working
towards the same thing.
And that's to
expose that problem.
>>DAVID: There's been a lot
of unpleasant stuff coming out
about Hollywood.
And I'm wondering if
you think that might
be part of the alliance's plan.
>>SMITH: Well, without
mentioning movies or anything,
Hollywood is also kind of
controlling how we think.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>SMITH: But they also encrypt
really cool things into it
for those people who are aware
of symbology and different
languages and texts.
And I think that helps
because I believe
that's a subliminal message
that things are sometimes
moving to the direction
that it needs to go.
And that's where it's going.
And I think it's
important for people
to know that the message
is being sent out.
If you can't see
it yet, it's OK.
You will.
It'll be in another form.
>>DAVID: So really
blunt, dumb question.
Is the military working
for our best good?
And if so, will the abductions
stop once they succeed?
>>SMITH: Yes, the military is
definitely on our side 100%.
You know, the higher-ups
are getting very
upset about the manipulation.
They have their own agents.
They're starting
to find out things.
So it's a very good sign that
this is happening right now.
>>DAVID: You've said that
the abductions have already
decreased a lot.
Now, are you telling me that the
military alliance people have
already been fighting a
war to greatly reduce how
many abductions are happening?
>>SMITH: Oh, I believe
it's more of a money thing
going into secret corporations
THAT used to use the military
to help them do things.
But the military didn't know
why they were going to pick up
or going to this place
and slice up a cow.
They didn't know
why they were going
to go pick up this individual
or take part in this.
They just know, I'm there to
come here and provide security.
They have no idea
what's going on.
And they're not allowed to ask.
And if they do, then they're
terminated immediately.
>>DAVID: If this cabal, as
a lot of people call it--
that's a term that
I'm using now--
if the cabal is defeated,
the disturbing things we've
talked about in this
episode with abduction,
will that largely,
if not completely,
be stopped at the same time?
>>SMITH: Yes, if the
cabal is defeated.
>>DAVID: So in a sense then,
we're having like a shadow
World War III going on.
>>SMITH: That's right.
>>DAVID: And so many people are
completely unaware that it's
even happening.
>>SMITH: It's right there
in front of your eyes
if you really think about
it and look at what's
going on around the world.
But you know, we don't
have time for that.
And it's not the people's
fault. I have to work.
I have to eat tonight.
You know, I have
to do these things.
I'm in the matrix too, guys.
So it's like, what
am I going to do?
OK, I'm going to conform too.
We all have to conform
for a little bit.
But now it's time to
give back a little bit.
>>DAVID: What do you
think the world will
look like once we get disclosure
and the cabal's defeated?
>>SMITH: Overnight,
it will change.
The devices of all the
technology they've been hiding
will come.
The world will flourish.
It will be full abundance.
No one will starve.
It'll be clean
water for everyone.
It will be homes for everyone.
And the world will
come together as one.
And everything else
will be left behind.
And the old paradigm, we will
forget about our religions
and all that.
Because you know, all
of this is getting
exposed too at the same time.
So it changes how we were kind
of tricked since we were born.
And now the truth is here.
And now everyone will apologize,
and it will be beautiful.
>>DAVID: Well, Emery, I want
to thank you for being here.
And I want to thank
you for watching.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, Dave Wilcock,
with our special guest Emery
Smith.
[MUSIC PLAYING]